Bueno, entonces, ahora vamos a tener una
corta entrevista o una conversación y yo
voy a hacer unas preguntas, ok, y voy a
dar la respuesta Este video tienes que
verlo para que te puedas aprender el uso
de los desbloqueadores, así que vamos a
ello Do you come from a big family?
My family is rather small
A long time ago, my family used to live
in the countryside
And we're still close -knit despite being small
We're small family
Do you think first impressions matter?
Well, they do But I think that actions
over time matter more
What's something you'd recommend to
someone meeting your family
?
Well, I would like to know how they feel
about pets, because my family loves animals
What would you do to make someone feel
comfortable meeting new people?
What I would do is introduce them to
everyone Help them break the ice
Do you think family traditions are important?
I think they can create bonds and
memories, so yes, they are important
Do you believe everyone in a family has
to think alike?
I don't think that everyone needs to
think alike
But respecting differences is crucial
What's your idea about family?
Everyone can be family
That is to say, family is about support,
not just blood relations How would you
describe your relationship with your siblings?
I mean, we argue sometimes, but we've
always got each other's backs
Do you keep any childhood items?
I have a box of toys from when I was little
Do you believe in learning from mistakes?
Absolutely, I've learned from my mistakes
several times
And that's how I've grown into the person
that I am today Have you ever planned
something and had it fall through?
I was going to do a surprise party for my
dad, but he found out beforehand Where
were you raised?
I was raised in the suburbs for most of
my life
Were you always confident growing up?
I was shy as a child, but I've grown to
be confident over time
Have you ever been caught off guard by
someone's expectation?
I didn't know that my grandparents wanted
me to take over their business How do you
deal with bad weather?
Yesterday, I didn't want to go out
because it was raining heavily
It was raining cats and dogs How do you
make difficult tasks more manageable?
So that it isn't overwhelming, I break it
into smaller steps
Do you think you're good at explaining things?
Well, I don't know, but what I wanted to
say is that I try to do my best
What's one thing you're curious about
right now?
Well, I want to know how you spend your
weekends How do you handle misunderstandings?
Well, just tell me what I can do better
and we'll work it out What advice would
you give to someone who's hesitant about
making changes?
Well, if I were that person, I'd take it
one step at a time and not overthink it
What's something you'd like to achieve soon
?
I want to learn how to cook my family's
traditional recipes
Why do you think people hesitate about
trying new things?
Well, mostly because I don't know how to
do it
I might feel unsure And I imagine people
feel the same I imagine others feel the
same What do you focus on when you're busy?
Concentrating Because when I concentrate,
I get more done in less time
Why are you pursuing this hobby?
Because I like to challenge myself to
improve and grow
How do you politely move through a
crowded space?
Well, I just say Excuse me, please, can I
get through?
Have you tried solving this type of
issues before?
Several times And I've learned something
new each time
Do you visit the same vacation spot often?
Many times I love how familiar and
relaxing it feels
Do you ever skip taking a shower?
Sometimes But I try not to make it a habit
Do you enjoy childhood activities?
Once in a while, I like to re -watch
childhood movies
Do you think everyone values family the
same way?
Some people prioritize it more
And other people focus on other things
Can you name a food you like?
Yes
For example, I love pasta
It's my comfort food
Do you usually agree with your friends' opinions?
I agree with their thoughts and most things
But not always Do you find it hard to
express disagreement?
I don't agree with others just to please them
I believe in honesty
Do you think it's okay to ask for help?
Yes, of course It shows strength, not weakness
Do you listen more than you talk?
I understand the importance of listening
So I try to do both
Do you find any topics hard to understand?
I don't understand complicated math problems
It's not my strong sweep
When you say that you value connection
What do you mean?
What do you mean by connection?
I'd say it's about meaningful
relationships What do you do when faced
with setbacks?
It's not comfortable However, I stay
focused And find a way to adapt
When did you last visit your hometown?
Years ago But I'm planning a trip back soon
What's the first thing you'd like us to
know about you?
First of all, that I value honesty And
open communication
Do you easily believe what others tell you?
I don't believe that everything people
says is true
I prefer to verify it myself
Do you think you'll succeed in your next goal?
I believe that with hard work and
persistence I absolutely will succeed
Okay, last but not least What do you want
me to do?
Well, that's a good question
I think Help me learn English fast
Wow, muy bien
Eso es todo por este video
Míralo de nuevo Hasta que puedas entender
bien Lo que estamos diciendo No No